hey guys what's up welcome to the second
episode of app quest I'm your host
Daniel today we're going to be doing an
app review on my no monsters this is a
relatively new game to the App Store and
it basically allows you to play a
pokemon type of game on your iOS device
it's 99 cents at the moment so let's go
ahead and get started here here's our
main screen or a main menu we have
adventure these are the different types
of monsters that I've captured when you
first start off the game you do get a
choice of choosing three different
monsters not these three right here this
one's in there and then I believe a fire
and a Flying type monster is in there
and then you get to start off your
adventure a lot like Pokemon here we
have the shop where you can purchase
collars gems candy different things to
improve your game play one really
annoying thing is that you have to buy
credits to be able to get all these
things and basically have more fun in
the game and after playing 99 cents it's
really annoying at least for me to have
to buy in app purchases that are like
three dollars five dollars etc all right
up here we have my team of monsters
these two have captured that was the one
I started off with then we have the
ability to add facebook friends which
I've heard that crashes a lot that
crashes once in a while this game has a
lot of potential I'll show you why in a
second here we have different tasks to
get different so that you can earn more
XP for your monsters but that's really
it right here let's go to adventure
and let's start this off
alright so this is a very simple style
type of game and it's kind of annoying
because this is the way you navigate
through the whole islands here you just
have to tap around you move until you
find a bad guy or a monster and then you
fight them so along the way you fight
them is just by tapping and then you tap
here to collect the hearts and also XP
points and you keep topping here we have
the level of the character up there that
you wanna that you're fighting you can
tap this little button right there which
is candy so that you can capture it I'm
not going to capture that one you can
also run and what's in here and then
also when you're fighting them and if
you get these thunders you get special
type of moves that you can fight here at
the end it gives you XP for all of them
so let's walk around here when you're
walking around you got some boxes so you
can get some extra XP and live but this
is this is the way you navigate around
the menu which is really annoying and
repetitive good thing it does provide
you with these add tasks so that it
keeps you kind of busy so we need to win
five battles for the next task but
sometimes you could go around clicking
for a couple a minute or two until you
actually find something let's go
oh all right and right here in the top
left in on the bottom left hand corner
we can switch in between the different
monsters that we have on tap and when
you do gain the thunder right here you
do get all of them have different
power-ups or powers which is pretty neat
at least it's just too Duffy have some
pretty weird names oh it's it's a fun
game at the moment it has a lot of
potential if you like it from what
you've seen then body you will enjoy it
ready for you you're expecting to get
full out Pokemon you're not it's not
it's not as complete to missing a lot of
things it doesn't have game center
integration I would I would really enjoy
multiplayer that'd be really fun that
would really complete the game here we
out we have the Thunder all the way up
so we can use our power up and that will
hurt you more of course but it's a very
simple game it's very easy to understand
it doesn't include any instructions or
anything so you got to kind of teach
yourself what you're supposed to do but
yeah it has a lot of potential they
really need to update a lot of things
maybe with the menu and me the overall
experience runner not so repetitive
but yeah that's pretty much it for this
game here we can get out and you unlock
different islands when you get to a
certain amount of stars I need three
more stars to unlock this island that
you can unlock that one etc so at least
you have different maps but overall from
99 sets it's a pretty fun game it can
get kind of repetitive here we can just
take care of our little animal and make
him happy to keep them entertained but
that is pretty much a bit thank you guys
for watching if you have any questions
feel free to message me here or break
down below and I'll get back to you as
soon as I can other than that if you
have any suggestions for apps that I
serve you go ahead and message me and I
will provide review be after you tell me
i'll give you a shout out but i'm in
rats lastly thank you guys for watching
subscribe for more videos in the future
and yeah have a great day